ADAO General & Partnerships Meeting - 7/20/22

Key Takeaway/Summary
ADAO General -
Marketing Firm - Facilitated Summon press releases etc. (website went live today)
Simon and Catherine will be in discord. 
Nate and Adam have been working with Simon to provide relevant resources.
Simon dedicated to his craft, giving good tips on how to present ourselves, how site should be set up, how we should explain things etc.
For next month Simon and Catherine will be running PR.
Possibly some member profiles.
They will communicate cadence of articles/posts, which will correspond to press releases, so ADAO members can share on socials.
Newsroom Interface - stores our media stories - can be scraped by news outlets - Catherine Listed as press agent contact.
The challenges / general awareness of the increased attention on ADAO / members. 
Branding WG working hard to make sure everything is still adherent to our standards/guidelines. 
Added "& Partnerships" to "ADAO General" meeting title in discord.
We have a lot of outreach, inquiries etc. We want to encourage that open to all feeling / support.
Encourage people to feel welcome. 
VyFi 
Discussion / group check-in around sentiments regarding VyFi. 
They want to:
Token Swap -  Used in various ways/mechanisms.
20,000 ada worth of ADAO tokens / VyFi tokens
Liquidity pool - Swap half the tokens to each other, create the pool, use multisig. Just providing liquidity (Minswap / Vyfi vaults)
Risks - Give the perception that ADAO is being an advocate of the project / development.
Some member input:
Seems like a secondary mission of adao, not part of our core mission - indifferent.
VyFi seems to have struggled to gain traction and previously engaged with a scam project.
 A chance for other dexes to observe - maybe want to do the same. An avenue for adao token utility. 
Rare Bloom / CNFTcon
Still working on booths, merchandise etc. 
Catalyst -  
Discussion regarding proposal inefficiencies, proposal assessors, the widespread issue of bots (posting fake assessment reviews etc.)
Is there an opportunity for for ADAO to address the issues, via challenge submission/guidance and proposals?
Possible to utilize multisig as solution? Required for assessments reviewal etc.
Catalyst / Catalyst Circle - Apparent willingness to forego obvious methods of broadcasting information / either purposefully to naively.
Circle had important poll, only hosted online, only 90 people answered. No one put it in the discord - has 3,000 or so members.
Brief comparing/contrasting of ADAO organization compared to Catalyst.
 If ADAO could do what we have done well already, keep those efficiencies, scale them, no reason we couldn't have high value proposals that supplant those frameworks to other, catalyst-like endeavors, challenge guidance etc.
ADAO has flaws too, and areas to improve upon.
Highlights that we need to stay in the loop of what is going on in catalyst and maintain knowledge of how to operate efficiently/strategically in that system. We need to understand the parameters, recognize opportunities - this can also highlight key problem areas and what a better, future iteration might look like or need.
Have to understand the system, to shape the system.
We also have seen immediate impact from instances when we do engage in town halls / breakout rooms etc.
Action Items
Share marketing materials regarding summon as they are released.
Contribute thoughts regarding VyFi, if you have any.
Assist with proposals for merchandise/conference expenses. 
Contribute any ideas/suggestions you may have regarding conferences. 
